clarify tesserocr segmentation (#216)
OCR-D/ocrd-website: site/en/workflows.md

* `segmentation_level` determines the *highest level* to segment. Use `"none"` to disable segmentation altogether, i.e. only recognize existing segments.
* `textequiv_level` determines the *lowest level* to segment. Use `"none"` to segment until the lowest level (`"glyph"`) and disable recognition altogether, only analyse layout.

> Be aware that if you use this parameter with `ocrd-tesserocr-recognize`, it will resegment the words anyway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be aware that if you use `-P segmentation_level word -P textequiv_level word` with `ocrd-tesserocr-recognize`, it will resegment the words anyway.
```

Is that what you mean?

Author: yes, thanks for clarifying
